The phantom is nothing but unexamined,
I just need you to tie it tightly and go out and work,
Then the God-dead Emperor left,
After you left.
My son was found dead inside, what can you say?
Father Emperor, King Lunyang,
I did pass by there. Your Majesty Penke heard about it,
When Lao Qitou attacks, his sexual balance will change dramatically.
It must be him!
Chased in and chased, he was burned by Wu Lun under Zhen Zhen's nose.
If the truth is not revealed at this time,
I don’t have a lot of hair, I look like Wuyang King Jiaodai
There is also Liezong Jiaodai, whose hair looks like a red horn.
Lao Qie and You have a talk about Father Emperor
And God did pass through there
But never went in
This will become clear upon investigation
Even though I dared, I didn’t go in.
Not only that, but there is also the king's door. Come out quickly.